Let. Let. Let.
Sam wants to let his friend borrow his bike.
He let him use it yesterday.
He let him borrow it many times.
Light.
Lit. Lit.
Light .able.
Lit
.
Let. Lit. Lit. Lit. Lit. Lit. Lit. Lit.
Slip more for every meal since Lose Lost
Lost Mary tries not to lose her keys.
Last week, she lost them at the store.
She's lost them many times now.
Mean Meant Meant Max wants to mean what
he says.
Yesterday, he meant every word.
He's meant everything in recent talks.
Prove Proved Proven proved Lily tries to
prove her skills.
She proved them in the test yesterday.
She's proven herself many times now.
Ride Rode Ridden
Jake loves to ride horses.
Last year, he rode one in the mountains.
He's ridden horses ever since.
Ring Ring Run
Tom likes to ring bells.
Yesterday, he rang the big church bell.
He's rung it many times now.
Rise Rose Risen
Sarah wants to rise early.
Yesterday, she rose at 6 a .m.
She's risen even earlier today.
Set Set Set
Ben tries to set the table.
Yesterday, he set it beautifully.
He's set it for every dinner this week.
Shake Shook Shaken Jane
Jane tries not to shake her drinks.
Yesterday, she shook her soda by accident.
She's shaken them too much before.
Show How Henry Henry Were Mercy morning